dev/how-to/get-started: add TiDB DM Tutorial (#1148)
pingcap/docs: dev/how-to/get-started/dm.md

> ---

Reviewer: Can we change the filename to `data-migration.md`? I think this is better for search engines + users.

In this tutorial, we'll see how to migrate a sharded table from multiple upstream MySQL instances. We'll do this a couple of different ways. First, we'll merge several tables/shards that do not conflict; that is, they're partitioned using a scheme that does not result in conflicting unique key values. Then, we'll merge several tables that **do** have conflicting unique key values.

This tutorial assumes you're using a new, clean CentOS 7 instance. You can virtualize locally (using VMware, VirtualBox, etc.), or deploy a small cloud VM on your favorite provider. You'll have the best luck if you have at least 1GB of memory, since we're going to run quite a few services.

> Warning: The methodology used to deploy TiDB in this tutorial should **not** be used to deploy TiDB in a production or development setting.

### Architecture

> ![TiDB DM architecture](https://pingcap.com/images/docs/dm-architecture.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![TiDB DM architecture](/media/dm-architecture.png)
```

The TiDB DM (Data Migration) platform consists of 3 components: dm-master, dm-worker, and dmctl.

* dm-master manages and schedules the operation of data synchronization tasks.
* dm-worker executes specific data synchronization tasks.
* dmctl is the command line tool used to control the DM cluster.

Individual tasks are defined in .yaml files that are read by dmctl and submitted to dm-master. dm-master then informs each instance of dm-worker of its responsibilities for a given task.

> For additional information about DM, please consult [Data Migration Overview](https://pingcap.com/docs/tools/dm/overview/) in the TiDB documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For additional information about DM, please consult [Data Migration Overview](/dev/reference/tools/data-migration/overview.md) in the TiDB documentation.
```

1152921504606847346     370     d709f38ef758b5066ef31b18039b8ce5        3308
1729382256910270834     370     d709f38ef758b5066ef31b18039b8ce5        3309
576460752303423859      371     41f1f19176d383480afa65d325c06ed0        3307
1729382256910270835     371     41f1f19176d383480afa65d325c06ed0        3309
1152921504606847347     371     41f1f19176d383480afa65d325c06ed0        3308
576460752303423860      372     24b16fede9a67c9251d3e7c7161c83ac        3307
1729382256910270836     372     24b16fede9a67c9251d3e7c7161c83ac        3309
1152921504606847348     372     24b16fede9a67c9251d3e7c7161c83ac        3308
```

### Conclusion

In this tutorial, we've completed 2 exercises. The first was a shard migration from 3 upstream MySQL server instances that each assigned non-overlapping sets of auto-increment IDs, and the second was a shard migration from 3 upstream MySQL server instances that each assigned auto-increment IDs that conflicted with one another. We saw how DM not only takes care of importing an initial dump of data in the cluster, but that it can also read binary logs to keep the downstream TiDB cluster in sync with the upstream instance(s).

> For additional information about DM, please consult [Data Migration Overview](https://pingcap.com/docs/tools/dm/overview/) in the TiDB documentation or join the [TiDB Community Slack](https://pingcap.com/tidbslack/) channel!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For additional information about DM, please consult [Data Migration Overview](/dev/reference/tools/data-migration/overview.md) in the TiDB documentation or join the [TiDB Community Slack](https://pingcap.com/tidbslack/) channel!
```
